---
author: sazzad
title: Sawyer
featimg: 1.jpg
tags: [templates]
categories: [templates]
permalink: /:categories/:title
---
Sawyer is a creative and professional template that allows you to show off your resume & portfolio to impress your future clients. Introduce yourself to clients, future employers and the world the way you want to.

# Layout Options

Sawyer is crafted using Bootstraps, therefore it comes with all of it’s glory in addition to it’s unique appeal. Here are a few to help you get started with the customization process. Unlike other themes in the marketplace, Sawyer is designed to be easy to edit and to the point. Just open the style.scss file to get started (note that a compiler is necessary to convert the file to style).

# Key Features

#### Coded with SASS

Sawyer was built using the power of SASS, the world’s most mature, stable, and powerful professional grade CSS extension language.

#### Split Column

Sawyer is a unique design that stands out from the rest. It is a split design layout that separates content into two columns each serving it’s own purpose. On a website you don’t want to overload the user with ‘too much content.’ The two columns help organize content that makes the design easy on the eyes.

#### It’s Responsive

Yes, that’s right, Sawyer is responsive! Everyone can view sawyer on all devices including mobile phones and tablets. Give it a try.

#### Portfolio

Sawyer has a custom portfolio section that takes advantage of Bootstrap Carousel and some custom Javascript. To fully take advantage of the split layout option, the thumbnails and the carousel are separated. Click on a thumbnail on the left and the carousel will move to the respective slide.


```scss
.prom {
    display: block;
    display: inline-block;
    background: white;
    min-width: 728px;
    min-height: 90px;
    padding: $padding-sm;
    position: realtive;
    text-align: center;
    z-index: 1;
    @include border-radius(5px);
    @include box-shadow(0px 1px 16px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.065));

    @media (max-width: ($grid-md - 1px)) {
        min-width: 0;
    }
}
```
